What have I learned?
  
  
  Data Structures and Algorithms
   
   Until recently, I have not used data structures in this scope, having only used the kinds of structures that are usually predifined within a programming language.
   I have learned something about when, and when not to use these kinds of data structures in my code. I have learned about linked lists and  binary tree structures 
   specifically.
   I have also gained some experience with algorithms, what specifically they are, and how they relate to computer science. I have gained a new understanding of
   binary search algorithms, and their strengths when compared to a brute force approach when trying to access information. Sometimes, up to a given complexity
   the brute force approach can be faster than a binary search implementation. That said, when comparing large amounts of data, binary search can yeild huge gains
   in terms of speed.
   
 The importance of good Documentation
 
   Documentation does not always mean what we might think. It can be as simple as commenting your code, or as complicated as predefining everything about your
   application in advance of creating it. It might be that you are required to create documentation for your application, and someone else then takes that 
   information and implements it in code. A key takeaway for me has been that code is only a part of software development, good documentation is one
   of the things that seperates a programmer, from a developer.
   
 Scope
 
   It is easy to get carried away, coming from a game development background, this is something I understand well. Still, it happens. For this project
   I was very excited to play with tkinter and create some nice looking GUI elements to showcase. In reality, it might have been better to create a simpler 
   command line based inteface and just nail down the logic from the start. 
   
 Conclusions
 
   As someone who has taught themselves, it can be easy to get stuck in a rut and just think of development as learning via online tutorials 
   and working on a portfolio. In reality there are many facets involved in creating something. Applying for jobs, preparing for interview, adressing
   more advanced topics that were not really understood before have all helped me to grow as a developer, and as a person.
    Something I thoroughly enjoyed was learning about and trying to create documentation for a project. There was a great deal I did not know going into
   this project, and in reality there are still quite a few things that I dont have a clear picture on:
   
       * How do I keep user data secure?
       * How do I create multiple pages for my GUI aplication?
       * How do I show a tree structure via my GUI?
